Some SUGGESTIONS:

Did you remember to specify your config file on the command line?
And if it was a relative path, were you in the correct directory?

Is java in your path?  If not, it should be.
Or it can be hard coded in the main batch file or shell script.

If you did NOT specify a config file on the command line, then
we look for searchnames_config.xml by default.
And we do NOT ship a default config file with that name in our package
because we don't know the search engine settings for YOUR site.
So perhaps you need to create a config file?  See the README
file and samples directory; there are some good examples.

Did Java run?  Did it give a possibly long winded error messaage?
It may be trying to tell you about a mistake in your XML config file.

Finally, you may wish to check some of the environment variables
that were set.  You can run tools\showenv.bat
If these variables look incorrect, you may want to run tools\clearenv.bat
and then try rerunning searchnames.


Registering as a Service
--------------------------
Did you define run logging in your config file?

Did you specify an absolute path to your logging file?

Have you tried setting the environment variable JVM to the correct
JDK before running register_service.bat?  Some JVM's do not work with
SearchNames when running as a service, even if that JVM will normally
run with SearchNames from a cmd.exe window.

Are you trying to run more than one Search Names process as a Windows
Service?  This is currently unsupported, please contact New Idea Engineering.


Other Specific Errors:

"
A nonfatal internal JIT (3.00.078(x)) error
'Relocation error: NULL relocation target' has occurred in :
'org/apache/crimson/parser/Parser2.maybeComment (Z)Z': Interpreting method.
Please report this error in detail to http://java.sun.com/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi
"
This seems to be a harmless warning message from the JVM from very old versions
of Java, such as Java 1.2.x, circa 2001.  We don't believe any action is
needed, but to clear the error try upgrading to a more recent JVM - it's Free!
